ok very good so a lot of information
they were almost at 1:45 mark did
mention about the ability to do these
live chats I mean this is an example of
a live chat they were doing right now so
I want to do is open up a seat so
somebody wants to have a chance to sit
down and actually asked the question
directly to us we can do that so I'll go
ahead and unlock this seat here and if
somebody wants to sit down and take a
seed feel created to jump on and asked
to be admitted it works best if you're
on your own lab is indeed unnoticed in
the upper left-hand corner there this so
you're not on Chrome trouble there so we
got about just over 13 minutes left here
I'll leave that seat open and go ahead
and continue the discussion with mark in
the meantime I want to scroll through
here quickly to make sure if there were
questions that we got around to
answering the questions I know there was
one about describing
remember please describe the marketing
funnel is described in internal but I
think that you didn't answer both of
those can you explain internal internal
and so I think we're good I just tension
interest is a great place to start your
YouTube videos are not necessarily those
people basic problems that's a great way
son external websites email address and
now we've got them on the emails and 10
most important things you need to build
as a marketing business selling courses
is your email so here just to make sure
that people are getting the stuff you're
so the beginning I mentioned
dad we're going to focus on finals here
there's different types of models and
marks mark has mentioned he's at
external and internal but she also
mentions what markets adheres well
designed the obvious course clusters
that's another type of a funnel that he
has a place he talked about 800
attention interest desire in action and
that's a specific type of a marketing
funnel would mark is put together here
with his Chris clusters is another type
of a funnel the course and an
introductory course and by the way just
to reinforce the point it has to be good
when I get off on that whole discussion
on this topic before I should mention it
but it's got to be good free content is
not just the other final of that in the
you got this other cluster courses that
students can buy in and so three courses
gotta be good quality in that you've got
the final then of your courses oh shoot
I was just gonna say something I used
Google Hangouts on air so that is
another example of one knows that
markets using an nudge nudge wink wink
just what I'm doing here with the blacks
in these interviews that I'm doing is
that you're putting content out there
that can attract attention of people I
think we got attention of some people
right now wouldn't you say so you use
these labs in you use the Google
Hangouts on air to help build a tension
into you do you get people to you know
you into like you and to trust you if
you did you know what you're talking
about
read it as does he think working with
you to me is still worth it so you know
what this is actually a good for a
wrap-up type of a question that I do
like to do in in these conversations
that I have a people
because mark does have a lot of course
is on you to me in so let me take
margarines question about this he think
we're with you to make my something that
is the answer is yes in a brazen and if
so what motivates you to keep on
producing people were saying not gonna
work and for many years you know we were
doing disruptive in antiques business
people very destructive technology you
to me is beginning when you say we
hundred million students that's why
we're arrives early adopters get the
benefit so if you build a business on
you to me now and as you do with it and
I'm not talking about one-quarter expect
to live life I mean correct courses
improve your courses adapt find you know
anything about you often have to keep
course to find one that sells you know
that sometimes the hard part once you
get something so this is what they click
next week special people you best of
course because that's why people